Ling Han
Why did you kill Zhou Shuyu?
The shoulder line of this outfit of yours
is a little crooked.
It came off an assembly line, right?
Good clothes
have life.
Answer the question.
Why did you attack Zhou Shuyu?
Xiaoyu...
She was my best client.
She understood beauty.
She knew
what kind of cut
best showed off the body's lines.
She always said
only the clothes I made
were worthy of her soul.
But her soul was filthy, rotten.
Darn it
They all deserved to die.
Who do you think you are?
A judge?
Or a savior?
A savior?
No.
I am just a
Cleaner.
Look.
No matter how expensive the clothes are,
once they get dirty,
they can only be destroyed.
They no longer deserve to exist.
Do you understand?
No.
How could normal people like you understand?
She...
Zhou Shuyu,
had the ability to create life,
yet threw it away like trash.
She told me with a smile
she had aborted the child,
as if she were saying the weather was nice.
She didn't know how to cherish it.
She didn't know that was what so many people
what I...
what I had dreamed of
and could never have.
So?
You killed her just because of that?
Just because she had an abortion?
And because you
were born with
Anorchia.
Just because of that?
Isn't that enough?
Isn't that more than enough?
I hated her waste.
Hated her indifference.
She desecrated motherhood.
Desecrated life.
Then she didn't deserve to have life.
What about Zhang Chongyang?
What was his part in this?
Zhang Chongyang...
that useless trash who thinks with his crotch.
If it weren't for him,
Zhou Shuyu would not have had an abortion.
They were both trash that needed cleaning up.
Tell us.
How did you clean up Zhou Shuyu?
How did you dispose of her body?
That tree hollow...
That day,
Zhou Shuyu came to me to alter a gown.
She said,
"Okay?"
What is so good about it?
Teacher Zhou's life isn't good enough?
A lot of people envy that.
Teacher Zhou,
you seem to have lost weight lately.
Have I?
Yes.
A few hours ago,
there was still a child in here.
Now it's gone.
Then take in the waistline a bit more.
She wanted the most perfect silhouette.
I told her the most perfect curve
is the curve of becoming a mother.
Teacher Zhou doesn't like children.
She should have liked them.
But...
he had to pay for his mistake.
So I gave her a hand.
I used an iron
and smashed her head hard.
Once.
Then again.
Blood.
Bright red blood.
Like the finest velvet.
It was the most beautiful color I had ever seen.
And that tree hollow
was the best resting place for her.
Back to the beginning,
the place where life is nurtured.
Quiet.
Warm.
Dark.
Just like the child she killed,
dead forever.
Last night you also tried to attack another person.
She is one of our officers.
She is still in the hospital.
Then she deserved it.
Captain,
you're not left-handed.
No, that's not right.
Something is still off.
Enough, Zhang Chongyang.
I know you're pretending to sleep here.
Ling Han has already confessed everything.
You look so well-dressed,
who knew you were so wild in private.
You don't understand.
I really loved her.
So I was willing to indulge
all of her fetishes.
To endure the humiliation
no man could endure.
But
I also needed a sense of conquest.
I also needed release.
So you went to Chen Ran
to satisfy that sense of conquest?
No.
That's not it.
Although I cheated,
I was still in great pain.
You were in pain?
When you and Chen Ran were caught in bed,
who was in pain, Zhou Shuyu or you?
When she aborted the child,
you and Chen Ran were healing sweetly in a hotel.
who was in pain, Zhou Shuyu or you?
Ling Han's reason for killing was really bizarre
He treated himself like a moral judge
Using his twisted values
to measure other people's lives
But he forgot
no matter what the motive is
no one has the right to take another life
No one
can place themselves above the law
Come on, don't be like this
Move aside
Darn it, darn it
What's wrong?
I think I'm broken
My head really hurts
Well
The doctor said
I need rest right now
When I walk and get jostled around
my head gets even dizzier
I'm telling you
How about
you carry me
and carry me to the car
I'm not asking for much
Just like this
A princess carry
How about it
How about a Shoulder throw?
I told you to rest
If you say one more word
I'll throw you back in the hospital
Oh my God
Why would you even buy something like this?
Don't you roll your eyes every time
you see my cartoon pajamas?
You talk too much
Last time I saw one by the roadside
so I just bought it
Should I turn the AC down a bit?
This is
soft anti-collision padding
When did she put this on?
Lu Yi
What should we eat tonight?
Why does she have the photo?
This idiot
Did she have to get involved in this mess?